Rename the text helper page (#28869)
twbs/bootstrap: site/content/docs/4.3/helpers/text-truncation.md

---
layout: docs
title: Text truncation

> description: Quickly truncation the long text with an ellipsis. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Quickly truncate long strings of text with an ellipsis.
```

Reviewer 2: I'd even remove "Quickly" ... doesn't really add anything meaningful here

Author: @mdo, @patrickhlauke Thanks for your review!
